docs: improve the documentation of conversions between numbers and strings (#12071)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/reference/primitive-types.mdx

Supported format are SVG, and formats supported by the [`image` crate](https://crates.io/crates/image):
AVIF, BMP, DDS, Farbfeld, GIF, HDR, ICO, JPEG, EXR, PNG, PNM, QOI, TGA, TIFF, WebP.

<Tabs syncKey="dev-language">
<TabItem label="C++">
In C++, properties or struct fields of the image type are mapped to <LangRefLink lang="cpp" relpath="api/slint/image/">`slint::Image`</LangRefLink>.
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Rust">
In Rust, properties or struct fields of the image type are mapped to <LangRefLink lang="rust-slint" relpath="struct.Image">`slint::Image`</LangRefLink>.
:::note[Note]
By default, only PNG, JPEG, and SVG are supported.
Enable the `image-default-formats` Cargo feature to support the other formats listed above,

> at the cost of a bigger binary and longer compilation.

Reviewer: Maybe.. "which comes at a cost of increased binary size and compilation time"

Author: ```suggestion
which comes at a cost of increased binary size and compilation time.
```
